# blood-bank-app
This is the app developed in android which acts as an important role in saving the life of human beings and it is also its main aim. The project android blood bank system has login and logout facility. To search for a donor user has to create an account and only then can view the availability of blood and may also register to donate blood if he/she wishes to. After creating an account, user can login into the app. After entering into the app user can view his/her own profile and can edit his profile. User can search for the donor on the basis of blood group required and user current city. He/She can also view the personal details such as name, address, mobile no., age along with the details of blood group and other medical information of searched donor. If a user feels that he is not healthy enough to donate blood, then he can change the corresponding setting, so that he/she should not get searched by the others. If a user want to donate blood, then this app provides the facility to open google map, where they can find the nearest hospital and can donate blood after going there.
This project requires internet access and thus there is a disadvantage of internet failure.
Thus this application helps to select the right donor online instantly using medical details along with the blood group. The main aim of developing this application is to reduce the time to a great extent that is spent in searching for the right donor and the availability of blood required. Thus this application provides the required information in no time and also helps in quicker decision making.
